jsDelivr + Self-hosted (#103)
68publishers/cookie-consent: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - Added new field "Package destination" in the GTM template that allows to specify the location of the package files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new field "Package source" in the GTM template that allows to specify the location of the package files.
```

> - Added section "About the package destination" in the README.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added section "Package source – CDN and self-hosted" in the README.
```
